Add Documentation - Framework reference (#1880)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/framework/classes/backend-config/merge/index.md

---
code: true
type: page
title: merge
description: BackendConfig.merge method
---

# `merge()`

Sets a configuration value.

::: info

> This method can only be used before application startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method can only be used before the application is started.
```
